**Privacy Policy**

Dmitrii Sergeev built the Github Actions Flexible web browser extension as an Open Source app. This web browser extension is provided by Dmitrii Sergeev at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my web browser extension.

This extension do not collect any personal information.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Github Actions Flexible unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

All information that is used by the extension remains on your device. The extension does not collect or send any information in any way.

**Local Storage**

The app needs to have access to the browser's local storage in order to save the settings you've made. local storage is data stored in the browser.

**Cookies**

This extension does not use these "cookies"

**Service Providers**

I don't use service providers. It just web browser extension.

**Security**

This extension only extends the github actions page menu and does not affect security in any way.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-06-14

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at identw@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
